Multiple clusters management in EKS (#616)
pingcap/tidb-operator: deploy/aws/README.md

### Customize TiDB Cluster

The values file ([`./tidb-cluster/values/default.yaml`](./tidb-cluster/values/default.yaml)) provide proper default for TiDB cluster in EKS. You can specify an overriding values file in [`clusters.tf`](./clusters.tf) for each TiDB cluster. Values of this file will override the default ones. 

For example, the default cluster specify using `./default-cluster.yaml` as the overriding values file, and enable the ConfigMap rollout feature in this file.

In EKS, some values are not customizable as usual, including the cluster version, replicas, node selectors and taints. These variables are controlled by the terraform instead in favor of consistency. To customize these variables, you can edit the [`clusters.tf`](./clusters.tf) and change the variables of each `./tidb-cluster` module directly.

### Customized TiDB Operator

You can customize the TiDB operator by specifying a helm values file through the `operator_values` variable. For example:

```hcl
variable "operator_values" {
  description = "The helm values of TiDB Operator"
  default     = file("operator_values.yaml")
}
```

> ## Multiple Cluster Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multiple TiDB Cluster Management
```

$ terraform destroy
```

> **Note:**
>
> This will destroy your EKS cluster along with all the TiDB clusters you deployed on it.

> **Note:**
>

> > If you specify service type `LoadBalancer` for the services like the default configuration do, you have to delete these services before destroy, otherwise they will block the subnets to be destroyed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you specify service type `LoadBalancer` for the services like the default configuration do, you have to delete these services before destroy, otherwise they will block the subnets from being destroyed.
```
